we are this time beating for a municipality that has at least ten
inhabitants of more than the previous and yet it is installed here europe
interactive truck a company in which we speak minimum four
languages ​​specify that if lille specialized in the sale of trucks
in force internet is with a site that has an average of thirty thousand visits
by day then there also the geographical situation which finally only has
very little importance
I am from nancy
I had a grandfather who was settled in Biarritz the village
Quebec what is next
and then a lot I came back to the countryside and then I had the opportunity
to buy that same free spirit that's great that's what you need
place to see in there
it's a teaching a former sawmill we went on old
local is absolutely nothing
and still in the lot we have everything so that we too from
reconstruction
it's really af 447
a meeting that was not in the trash I'm good I think
it's been the longest time to have very competent people and all are
very versatile against the best attack with -1 76
at a time when the Minister of Rurality is on a roll
sitting of rurality
so it is in the very concrete we see that on a commune in the yard
of 270 inhabitants
Here we have the French leader a percentage of the sale of two weights
heavy will be on the internet the internet portal decides to hold back we like to
will translate into nine languages ​​over 25 thousand visits every day every
days and laurent sir colo he's doing his job here in my yard the leader
French not to talk about addiction is not necessary in
the second comes on a commune of songs of the inhabitants it is a question of
with digital is a good example this is what the internet can bring
to rural territories
the seal is a business that develops rather well over the years
however, it needs some support from local elected officials
from there an investment and some extra damage for internet
same thing on the side of our lady who dies-and-mosellan her installation
best planned for the summer of 2011 should be preceded by a study
of the department around roads and accessibility the company
a certain desire to strengthen business and attractiveness